good our YouTube down on the bricks here
and welcome to the Wild West today we're
going to check out my saloon if you
haven't seen my Western town tour be
sure to check that out I'll put a link
in the description but today I just
really wanted to show you a close-up of
the saloon and give you a look at the
interior so when I built this saloon I
really wanted to build something that
was a nice looking building but still
had a little bit of that rustic
character to it
so we have our swinging doors here
cattle skull Mexican and we have Tonto
sitting over here swing him back on his
chair having a good time we have a look
at this side of the building here mainly
just all windows it's a little bit more
going on on the other side
okay from the side here plenty of room
to type your horses your doorway into
the bar area and you can come up the
stairs to the accommodation area and now
let's have a look at the back where all
the action is so as I mentioned in my
western town tour that I keep the back
so even though these buildings in the
same style as the our Western sets it
makes it a lot easier to work on and
also a lot easier to see inside so on
this side up here we have three bedrooms
and they're quite basic inside and this
side over here and we have a gentleman
here looks like he was quite lucky at
the poker table be our four team sulfur
baths and the cigar and now in the
saloon itself have quite a bit going on
so there's a big card game happening
there
Nova gentlemen playing the piano have a
dartboard there it's might be a little
bit dangerous in those days and of
course the bar we have the barman here
with his bar rag we have the safe down
here looks like business has been pretty
good I'll see if we can get in for a
closer look
looks like there's a bitter high-stakes
poker going on they're gonna have to
watch out for this character he's got an
ace up his sleeve so I think that's
about it for this video I'll just give
it another spin around for you so be
sure to check my other videos here
appreciate that please any comments you
have a much appreciated I love hearing
your thoughts
please give this video a thumbs up
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already and I'll see you in the next
video bye